the merida of the institution and can save us its educational honor
she just did not enter among others
there is no money either
pictures
chic
during the solemnity
on condition that
the contest
now completed in 12 months
and procedural
of many who are here
I could not stop saying that.
a few words he is a man
on behalf of our magnificent Rector
the director of the faculty of juridical and social sciences
throughout the teaching staff
indian solved
initially I would like to congratulate them
happy about it if the daily newspapers
teachers
our course
he
the doctor paulo niemeyer
and we'll talk before the solemnity begins
durval barbosa el loco legal 'in 1945
be in the same place
then caught by surprise
It's not just the goal
with you
15 years ago on 5
have already been demonstrated on this solemnity
in the beautiful speech
on the river side
who represented the three shifts
new player vehicles
made homage
parents and teachers
by the way
and they are the teachers
there are few solemnities
that teachers are reminded
So you congratulations, it was very beautiful, wonderful.
I want to know him
because you are very well prepared for the next challenges
the educational institution has
is the future professional's business card
and on this point
Are you graduating?
one of the best in the country
Puricelli
is today
national reference as an institution of higher education
in his pocket on the club agenda in europe
do not you think
sincerely
is formed
on site
both fight and how many sacrifices they made
is the starting point of a long and profitable career for all of you.
the trial must end up lending
characterizes well
it is as a herald of professional ethics
the Italian team in their behaviors
from now on
as law practitioners
in any area that was idle
with the headline
we sadly realize that society is sad that
faced with so many executive power scandals as a result of the
floor
read the edict here
still on the dictatorship in a test two of his messengers entitled
message that remains current
he said
of seeing the triumphs of triumphs
from seeing the prosperity of dishonor
from seeing injustice grow
from seeing so much power in the hands of the wicked
the situation and a password in the field
the visit to rome
the first with the inter being honest
humiliate travelers in these difficult times
a farewell mix
indian wells
end of the walk
beginning of an hour
the long awaited
was deserved the collation of degree
cause of pride and joy for all
the world where your own legs
and showing the true meaning of law and justice
for population
so yes, rahal - the established deadline
thank
and we have learned to orient ourselves
and American military standards
in proportion to the facts
should also be observed
at the time of the decision and not graduated years
look at the past
he deserves
there is no place to six points
he said that you did an inspection inês monteiro alex silva
look to the future
Effect type of action
with the crisis
it would be hypocrisy
team ae são paulo